Add more details to Windows environment variables (#93)
signalfx/signalfx-dotnet-tracing: README.md

### Windows

> **Warning**: pay close attention to the scope of environment variables and ensure they
> are properly set prior to launching the targeted process. The steps below set the environment
> variables at the machine level, with the exception of the variables used for finer control
> of which processes will be instrumented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning**: Pay close attention to the scope of environment variables. Ensure they
are properly set prior to launching the targeted process. The following steps set the
environment variables at the machine level, with the exception of the variables used
for finer control of which processes will be instrumented, which are set in the current
command session.
```

    - For .NET Framework applications:
    ```batch
    setx COR_PROFILER "{B4C89B0F-9908-4F73-9F59-0D77C5A06874}" /m
    ```
   - For .NET Core applications:
   ```batch
   setx CORECLR_PROFILER "{B4C89B0F-9908-4F73-9F59-0D77C5A06874}" /m
   ```
3. Set the "service name" that better describes your application:
   ```batch
   setx SIGNALFX_SERVICE_NAME MyServiceName /m
   ```
4. Set the endpoint of a Smart Agent or OpenTelemetry Collector that will forward
the trace data:
   ```batch
   setx SIGNALFX_ENDPOINT_URL http://localhost:9080/v1/trace /m
   ```
5. Optionally, enable trace injection in logs:
   ```batch
   setx SIGNALFX_LOGS_INJECTION true /m
   ```
6. Optionally, if instrumenting IIS applications add the following environmet variable set to `true`:
    ```batch
    setx SIGNALFX_TRACE_DOMAIN_NEUTRAL_INSTRUMENTATION true /m
    ```
7. Enable instrumentation for the targeted application by setting
the appropriate __CLR enable profiling__ environment variable,
according to the .NET runtime being used,
to **1** for the targeted application.
The snippet below sets the variable only for the current command
session (see below for other some alternatives on how

> to set it to different scopes):

Reviewer: suggestion:

7. Enable instrumentation for the targeted application by setting
the appropriate __CLR enable profiling__ environment variable.
You can enable instrumentation at these levels:
   - For the current command session
   - For a specific Windows Service
   - For a specific user
   
   The follow snippet describes how to enable instrumentation for
   the current command session according to the .NET runtime.
   To enable instrumentation at different levels, see
   [this](#enable-instrumentation-at-different-levels) section.

   - For .NET Framework applications:
   ```batch
   set COR_ENABLE_PROFILING=1
   ```
   - For .NET Core applications:
   ```batch
   set CORECLR_ENABLE_PROFILING=1
   ```
8. Restart your application ensuring that all environment variables above are properly
configured. If you need to check the environment variables for a process use a tool
like [Process Explorer](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/downloads/process-explorer).

- To enable instrumentation for a specific Windows service:
   - For .NET Framework applications:
   ```batch
   reg add HKLM\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\<ServiceName>\Environment /v COR_ENABLE_PROFILING /d 1
   ```
   - For .NET Core applications:
   ```batch
   reg add HKLM\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\<ServiceName>\Environment /v CORECLR_ENABLE_PROFILING /d 1
   ```
- To enable instrumentation for a specific user:
   - For .NET Framework applications:
   ```batch
   setx /s %COMPUTERNAME% /u <[domain/]user> COR_ENABLE_PROFILING 1
   ```
   - For .NET Core applications:
   ```batch
   setx /s %COMPUTERNAME% /u <[domain/]user> CORECLR_ENABLE_PROFILING 1

>    ```

Reviewer: suggestion: 

#### Enable instrumentation at different levels

Enable instrumentation for a specific Windows service:
- For .NET Framework applications:
   ```batch
   reg add HKLM\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\<ServiceName>\Environment /v COR_ENABLE_PROFILING /d 1
   ```
- For .NET Core applications:
   ```batch
   reg add HKLM\SYSTEM\CurrentControlSet\Services\<ServiceName>\Environment /v CORECLR_ENABLE_PROFILING /d 1
   ```
Enable instrumentation for a specific user:
 - For .NET Framework applications:
   ```batch
   setx /s %COMPUTERNAME% /u <[domain/]user> COR_ENABLE_PROFILING 1
   ```
- For .NET Core applications:
   ```batch
   setx /s %COMPUTERNAME% /u <[domain/]user> CORECLR_ENABLE_PROFILING 1
   ```
